Cluster group and virtual cluster clarifications (#1598)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/cluster-groups/create-cluster-group.md

:::

:::info

>  Palette do not offer support for host clusters of the following types within the cluster group: edge clusters, virtual clusters, pcg clusters, and read-only imported clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Palette does not offer support for host clusters of the following types within a cluster group: edge clusters, virtual clusters, Private Cloud Gateway (PCG) clusters, and imported clusters that have read-only access.
```

Reviewer: In case you wonder why I suggested "these" vs. "the following" - it's your call, but I think "the following" lends itself better to a bullet list that follows.
